add resource about branch visualisation (#24303)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/javascript_basics/revisiting_rock_paper_scissors.md

*   Actively learn the Git workflows discussed in this lesson with this [interactive **Visual Git Cheatsheet**](https://ndpsoftware.com/git-cheatsheet.html#loc=index;) by Andrew Peterson. **It's okay to be unfamiliar** with the variety of commands you'll interact with. You'll learn about the ones you're unfamiliar with later in the curriculum.
*   Make pushing your local commits to remote branches **easier** with the command `git push -u origin <branch>`. It automatically links the local branch you push with the remote one. [Read this educative.io article](https://www.educative.io/edpresso/what-is-the-git-push--u-remote-branch-name-command) by Talha Ashar and commit faster to a remote branch with a simple `git push` command.  

> *   To see how branches looks like when you **visualise**, can check this [interactive website](https://learngitbranching.js.org/) by Peter Cottle. You can  learn the substantial commands about branching while seeing how the commands you write affects to your visually presented branch tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Learn Git Branching by going through this [interactive visualizer](https://learngitbranching.js.org/) by Peter Cottle. You can learn the substantial commands about branching while seeing how the commands you write affects to your visually presented branch tree.
```
